well did you call 9-1-1 they said since
he's already dead it's not technically
an emergency if I see that on facebook
facebook I'm on snapchat
what's that 1:30 career day I don't want
you to be what what was that he's a
music teacher is he smoking a cigarette
should you be smoking on school grounds
they're having an affair with your
assistant good morning Daniel Bob called
he said wants to have lunch with my
husband yes was to have lunch with you
he's gluten-free you're fired what
you're fired you're knew how having left
them together seven years what do you
say she's your everything if pressed yes
I know we found her this morning next to
a big pile of manure this man tended to
our grounds for a decade never know his
name his name was Kevin Kevin thought it
meant something more mixes more lot of
syllabic look it's not important which
direction you go what's important is
that you come in this is human resources
they don't be a registered therapist but
I am a registered friend I have to go to
my daughter's career day I would not
mention getting fired next time you
leave a dead body just make sure you ask
permission first well hopefully there
won't be a next time lady there's always
the next time the man loses everything
what's he got left is this a trick
question or something and the parents
are here I'll have to carry a dead body
out in the middle of career day my dad
says you should only do it you like what
does your dad do he's an accountant and
a liar an accountant and a liar he's got
a lottery ticket hey you want a free
ticket that is not a win how is that not
a win
[Music]
[Applause]
pessimism gives way to nihilism nihilism
gives way to acceptance we will all
reach this day
what's up Nathan the bathroom
[Music]